feat: parse pet name from clan message (#149)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: README.md

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has a funny feeling they are being followed",
  "extra": {
    "petName": "Ikkle hydra"
  },
  "type": "PET"
}
```

> Note: `petName` is only included if the game sent it to your chat channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `petName` is only included if the game sent it to your chat via clan notifications.
```
